Add SizeOfVal operation (#238)
minirust/minirust: spec/lang/syntax.md

    Cast(CastOp),
    /// Returns the metadata of a pointer as a value. For a thin pointer this is `()`.
    GetMetadata,

>     /// Getting the dynamic size of the pointee behind the operand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Returns the dynamic size of the pointee behind the operand.
    /// The operand must be a reference.
```
